Update the IBM Kubeflow deployment with the new release (#2343)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/ibm/deploy/install-kubeflow.md

**Note**: This section is only required when the worker nodes provider `WORKER_NODE_PROVIDER` is set to `classic`. For other infrastructures, IBM Cloud Block Storage is already set up as the cluster's default storage class.

> When using the `classic` worker nodes provider of IBM Cloud Kubernetes cluster, by default, it uses [IBM Cloud File Storage](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/file-storage) based on NFS as the default storage class. File Storage is designed to run RWX (read-write multiple nodes) workloads with proper security built around it. Therefore, File Storage [does not allow `fsGroup` securityContext](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-security#container) which is needed for OIDC authservice and Kubeflow Jupyter Server.

Reviewer: Suggestions:

- I think it's "node provider" here ("provider of nodes")
- I'd also emphasize what "it" means ("the provider"?)
- Try to talk to the user with "you" to make the language more "active" here
- "By default... default storage" - repetition
- Spell out "authservice" (OIDC) and provide a link, maybe

```suggestion
When you use use the `classic` worker node provider of IBM Cloud Kubernetes cluster, it uses [IBM Cloud File Storage](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/file-storage) based on NFS as the default storage class. File Storage is designed to run RWX (read-write multiple nodes) workloads with proper security built around it. Therefore, File Storage [does not allow `fsGroup` securityContext](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-security#container), which is needed for the [OIDC authentication service](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/azure/authentication-oidc/) and Kubeflow Jupyter server.
```

Author: For the oidc link we should use https://github.com/arrikto/oidc-authservice. I can fix it in a follow up commit

### Single user
Run the following commands to set up and deploy Kubeflow for a single user without any authentication.

> By default, the IBM configuration is using [Kubeflow pipeline with Tekton Backend](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfp-tekton#kubeflow-pipelines-with-tekton).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Notice**: By default, Kubeflow deployment on IBM Cloud uses [Kubeflow pipeline with Tekton backend](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfp-tekton#kubeflow-pipelines-with-tekton).
```

> **Notice**: By default, Kubeflow deployment on IBM Cloud uses [Kubeflow pipeline with Tekton backend](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfp-tekton#kubeflow-pipelines-with-tekton).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Notice**: By default, Kubeflow deployment on IBM Cloud uses [Kubeflow pipeline with a Tekton backend](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfp-tekton#kubeflow-pipelines-with-tekton).
```

> **Notice**: By default, Kubeflow deployment on IBM Cloud uses [Kubeflow pipeline with Tekton backend](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfp-tekton#kubeflow-pipelines-with-tekton).

Reviewer: For consistency across the KF site

```suggestion
**Note**: By default, Kubeflow deployment on IBM Cloud uses [Kubeflow pipeline with Tekton backend](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfp-tekton#kubeflow-pipelines-with-tekton).
```

> If you want to use Kubeflow pipeline with Argo Backend, please modify and uncomment the `argo` and `kfp-argo` applications

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to use Kubeflow pipeline with Argo backend, please modify and uncomment the `argo` and `kfp-argo` applications
```

> If you want to use Kubeflow pipeline with Argo backend, please modify and uncomment the `argo` and `kfp-argo` applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use Kubeflow pipeline with an Argo backend, modify and uncomment the `argo` and `kfp-argo` applications
```

Author: Thanks, I would put `the` over here

inside the `kfctl_ibm.yaml` below and remove the `kfp-tekton`, `tektoncd-install`, and `tektoncd-dashboard` applications. 

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

export KF_DIR=${BASE_DIR}/${KF_NAME}

> # Set the configuration file to use, such as the file specified below:

Reviewer: Suggestion:

- "Set the file.. such as the file...below" - repetition

```suggestion
# Set the configuration file to use, such as:
```

providers (Cloud Directory, SAML, social log-in with Google or Facebook etc.) or
custom providers.

1. Setup environment variables:

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```shell
```

    export KF_NAME=<your choice of name for the Kubeflow deployment>

    # Set the path to the base directory where you want to store one or more 

>     # Kubeflow deployments. For example, /opt/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Kubeflow deployments. For example, use `/opt/`.
```

    export BASE_DIR=<path to a base directory>

    # Then set the Kubeflow application directory for this deployment.
    export KF_DIR=${BASE_DIR}/${KF_NAME}

>     ```
> 2. Setup configuration files:
>     ```

Reviewer: - Add blank lines + use "shell" formatting for code blocks

```suggestion
    ```

2. Setup configuration files:

    ```shell
```

    export CONFIG_FILE=kfctl_ibm_multi_user.yaml
    export CONFIG_URI="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubeflow/manifests/master/kfdef/kfctl_ibm_multi_user.yaml"
    # Generate and deploy Kubeflow:
    mkdir -p ${KF_DIR}
    cd ${KF_DIR}
    curl -L ${CONFIG_URI} > ${CONFIG_FILE}
    ```
    

>     By default, the IBM configuration is using [Kubeflow pipeline with Tekton Backend](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfp-tekton#kubeflow-pipelines-with-tekton).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Notice**: By default, the IBM configuration is using [Kubeflow pipeline with Tekton backend](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfp-tekton#kubeflow-pipelines-with-tekton).
```

> **Notice**: By default, the IBM configuration is using [Kubeflow pipeline with Tekton backend](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfp-tekton#kubeflow-pipelines-with-tekton).

Reviewer: For consistency across the KF site

```suggestion
**Note**: By default, the IBM configuration is using the [Kubeflow pipeline with a Tekton backend](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfp-tekton#kubeflow-pipelines-with-tekton).
```

>     If you want to use Kubeflow pipeline with Argo Backend, please modify and uncomment the `argo` and `kfp-argo-multi-user` applications

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If you want to use Kubeflow pipeline with Argo backend, please modify and uncomment the `argo` and `kfp-argo-multi-user` applications
```

>     If you want to use Kubeflow pipeline with Argo backend, please modify and uncomment the `argo` and `kfp-argo-multi-user` applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to use Kubeflow pipeline with an Argo backend, modify and uncomment the `argo` and `kfp-argo-multi-user` applications
```

    inside the `kfctl_ibm_multi_user.yaml` and remove the `kfp-tekton-multi-user`, `tektoncd-install`, and `tektoncd-dashboard` applications. 
    

> 3. Deploy Kubeflow:
>     ```
>     kfctl apply -V -f ${CONFIG_FILE}
>     ```
> 4. Wait until the deployment finishes successfully. e.g., all pods are in `Running` state when running `kubectl get pod -n kubeflow`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Deploy Kubeflow:

    ```shell
    kfctl apply -V -f ${CONFIG_FILE}
    ```

4. Wait until the deployment finishes successfully — for example, all pods should be in the `Running` state when you run the command:

    ```shell
    kubectl get pod -n kubeflow
    ```
```

> 5. Follow the guide to create an [AppID service instance](https://cloud.ibm.com/catalog/services/app-id) for Kubeflow authentication. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Follow the [Creating an App ID service instance on IBM Cloud](https://cloud.ibm.com/catalog/services/app-id) guide for Kubeflow authentication. 
```

> You can also learn [how to use APP ID](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/appid?topic=appid-getting-started) with different authentication methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also learn [how to use App ID](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/appid?topic=appid-getting-started) with different authentication methods.
```

> 6. Follow the step [Registering your app](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/appid?topic=appid-app#app-register)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Follow the [Registering your app](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/appid?topic=appid-app#app-register) section of the App ID guide
```

to create an application with type _regularwebapp_ under the provisioned AppID
instance. Make sure the _scope_ contains _email_. Then retrieve the following
configuration parameters from your AppID:
    * `clientId`
    * `secret`
    * `oAuthServerUrl`
    
7. Register the Kubeflow OIDC redirect page. The Kubeflow OIDC redirect URL is `http://<kubeflow-FQDN>/login/oidc`. 
`<kubeflow-FQDN>` is the endpoint for accessing Kubeflow. By default, the `<kubeflow-FQDN>` on IBM Cloud is `<worker_node_external_ip>:31380`.

  Then, you need to place the Kubeflow OIDC redirect URL under **Manage Authentication** > **Authentication settings** > **Add web redirect URLs**.
  
<img src="/docs/images/ibm/appid-redirect-settings.png" 
  alt="APP ID Redirect Settings"
  class="mt-3 mb-3 border border-info rounded">

> 8. Create the namespace `istio-system` if not exist:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. Create the namespace `istio-system` if it does not exist:
```

> 8. Create the namespace `istio-system` if it does not exist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Create the namespace `istio-system` if it does not exist:

```

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```shell
```

    kubectl create namespace istio-system
    ```

> 9. Create a secret prior to kubeflow deployment by filling parameters from the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
9. Create a secret prior to Kubeflow deployment by filling parameters from the
```

> 9. Create a secret prior to Kubeflow deployment by filling parameters from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion

9. Create a secret prior to Kubeflow deployment by filling parameters from the
```

> step 2 accordingly:
>     ```SHELL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
step 2 accordingly:

    ```shell
```

    kubectl create secret generic appid-application-configuration -n istio-system \
      --from-literal=clientId=<clientId> \
      --from-literal=secret=<secret> \
      --from-literal=oAuthServerUrl=<oAuthServerUrl> \
      --from-literal=oidcRedirectUrl=http://<kubeflow-FQDN>/login/oidc

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```

```

    * `<oAuthServerUrl>` - fill in the value of oAuthServerUrl
    * `<clientId>` - fill in the value of clientId
    * `<secret>` - fill in the value of secret
    * `<kubeflow-FQDN>` - fill in the FQDN of Kubeflow, if you don't know yet, just give a dummy one like `localhost`. Then change it after you got one.
    

>     **Notice**: If any of the parameters changed after the initial Kubeflow deployment, it 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    **Notice**: If any of the parameters changed after the initial Kubeflow deployment, we 
```

>     **Notice**: If any of the parameters changed after the initial Kubeflow deployment, we 

Reviewer: Use second person ("you"), preferably

```suggestion
    **Note**: If any of the parameters changed after the initial Kubeflow deployment, you 
```
